tuf-ui-app/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Please note:

Further down this document you can find user guide and description of design choices made with this app.

## JSDocs

## To see the JSDocs documentation of this project

This project includes documentation generated with JSDoc, providing information on the usage, parameters, and functionality of the components and utilities. Here's how to access and use the documentation:

## Accessing the Documentation

Local Setup: To view the documentation, ensure you have the project files on your local machine. If not already done, clone the repository or download the source code.

## Navigate to Documentation:

The documentation is located in the docs/ directory at the root of the project.

## Open in Browser:

Open the index.html file within the docs/ directory in your web browser to start exploring the documentation. You can do this by either double-clicking the file (depending on your OS settings) or by opening your browser and using the File > Open menu to navigate to the file.

## Navigating the Documentation

Global Index: The main page provides a global index of all documented elements, including classes, modules, namespaces, and more. Use this as a starting point to explore the documentation.

## Search:

Use the search bar at the top of the documentation pages to quickly find specific items.

## Side Navigation:

The side navigation bar lists all the documented entities, categorized for easy access. Click on any item to view its details, including descriptions, parameters, examples, and more.

## Breadcrumb Navigation:

At the top of each documentation page, breadcrumbs are provided to help you keep track of your current location within the documentation hierarchy and navigate easily.

## Getting Started and installing

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## GUIDE to tuf-2000m-ui

## Recommended use

Laptop or similar display. If used on smartphone, the functionality is better when used in landscape orientation.

## Background and short technical description

The app shows TUF-2000M measurement data. The data is mock data created with a python script and uploaded with the python script to firebase database. The data is stored in JSON format in the database. The app fetches the data of the chosen timestamp and shows the data to the user. The app is a NextJS app and is deployed in Vercel. Currently the app does not have authentication, so please use discretion in not passing the link to the app to prevent unauthorized use.

## Short guide

## Starting the app

Navigate to https://tuf-2000-ui.vercel.app/ with your chosen device.

## Start with the Calendar

When launching the app, begin by selecting a date or a date range from the calendar view. This is your starting point to see the measurements.

## Selecting Timestamps

A list of timestamp(s) will appear in the sidebar. Tap on any timestamp to view the TUF-2000M measurement data in the main display area. The data is stored in cloud database and the data can not be modified from the app. You can scroll down the timestamp window.

## Toggling Calendar View

Iif you choose to use smartphone to view the data, you should toggle the calendar off after choosing a date (or date range) to view the data. Use the "Show Calendar" or "Hide Calendar" button to manage its visibility according to your browsing needs.

## Viewing Data

The data display shows data for the selected timestamp: including metrics like

- register number
- variable name,
- measurement value
- unit of measure

## Adjusting Font Size

Use the "A+" and "A-" buttons at the top to adjust the font size in the data display area.-
Clearing Calendar Dates
The Clear calendar dates" button allows you to reset your date range selection to the current date with a quick way to start selection.

## Navigating Data Rows

Separate measurement data rows alternate in shades of grey, making it easier to distinguish between different sets of information at a glance. You can scroll down the data window.

## Design and architectural choices overview:

The application is built with Next.js and deployed on Vercel, presents TUF-2000M mock measurement data from stored in JSON format in Firebase Firestore. It uses React's Context API for global state management: sharing of user-selected data and fetched results without prop drilling. Local component states are managed with useState, and effects like API calls are handled with useEffect.

A custom hook abstracts API requests for data fetching and centralizes the logic to retrieve data. UX is designed for intuitive use. The UI is responsive adapting to various devices and orientations.

Firebase Firestore serves as the backend: chosen for scalability and ease of integration. Serverless functions in Next.js abstract direct database access, enhancing security. The architecture supports client-side rendering for dynamic content.

The application emphasizes modular design, separating concerns for maintainability and scalability. The app does not yet have authentication: Potential for future enhancement to secure access and data.

Commit message:

Added link to the app in Vercel front-end cloud

tuf-ui-app/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## See the app in action:

Navigate to: https://tuf-2000-ui.vercel.app

Please do not give the link to unauthorized users.

## Please note:

Further down this document you can find user guide and description of design choices made with this app.

## JSDocs

## To see the JSDocs documentation of this project

This project includes documentation generated with JSDoc, providing information on the usage, parameters, and functionality of the components and utilities. Here's how to access and use the documentation:

## Accessing the Documentation

Local Setup: To view the documentation, ensure you have the project files on your local machine. If not already done, clone the repository or download the source code.

## Navigate to Documentation:

The documentation is located in the docs/ directory at the root of the project.

## Open in Browser:

Open the index.html file within the docs/ directory in your web browser to start exploring the documentation. You can do this by either double-clicking the file (depending on your OS settings) or by opening your browser and using the File > Open menu to navigate to the file.

## Navigating the Documentation

Global Index: The main page provides a global index of all documented elements, including classes, modules, namespaces, and more. Use this as a starting point to explore the documentation.

## Search:

Use the search bar at the top of the documentation pages to quickly find specific items.

## Side Navigation:

The side navigation bar lists all the documented entities, categorized for easy access. Click on any item to view its details, including descriptions, parameters, examples, and more.

## Breadcrumb Navigation:

At the top of each documentation page, breadcrumbs are provided to help you keep track of your current location within the documentation hierarchy and navigate easily.

## Getting Started and installing

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## GUIDE to tuf-2000m-ui

## Recommended use

Laptop or similar display. If used on smartphone, the functionality is better when used in landscape orientation.

## Background and short technical description

The app shows TUF-2000M measurement data. The data is mock data created with a python script and uploaded with the python script to firebase database. The data is stored in JSON format in the database. The app fetches the data of the chosen timestamp and shows the data to the user. The app is a NextJS app and is deployed in Vercel. Currently the app does not have authentication, so please use discretion in not passing the link to the app to prevent unauthorized use.

## Short guide

## Starting the app

Navigate to https://tuf-2000-ui.vercel.app/ with your chosen device.

## Start with the Calendar

When launching the app, begin by selecting a date or a date range from the calendar view. This is your starting point to see the measurements.

## Selecting Timestamps

A list of timestamp(s) will appear in the sidebar. Tap on any timestamp to view the TUF-2000M measurement data in the main display area. The data is stored in cloud database and the data can not be modified from the app. You can scroll down the timestamp window.

## Toggling Calendar View

Iif you choose to use smartphone to view the data, you should toggle the calendar off after choosing a date (or date range) to view the data. Use the "Show Calendar" or "Hide Calendar" button to manage its visibility according to your browsing needs.

## Viewing Data

The data display shows data for the selected timestamp: including metrics like

- register number
- variable name,
- measurement value
- unit of measure

## Adjusting Font Size

Use the "A+" and "A-" buttons at the top to adjust the font size in the data display area.-
Clearing Calendar Dates
The Clear calendar dates" button allows you to reset your date range selection to the current date with a quick way to start selection.

## Navigating Data Rows

Separate measurement data rows alternate in shades of grey, making it easier to distinguish between different sets of information at a glance. You can scroll down the data window.

## Design and architectural choices overview:

The application is built with Next.js and deployed on Vercel, presents TUF-2000M mock measurement data from stored in JSON format in Firebase Firestore. It uses React's Context API for global state management: sharing of user-selected data and fetched results without prop drilling. Local component states are managed with useState, and effects like API calls are handled with useEffect.

A custom hook abstracts API requests for data fetching and centralizes the logic to retrieve data. UX is designed for intuitive use. The UI is responsive adapting to various devices and orientations.

Firebase Firestore serves as the backend: chosen for scalability and ease of integration. Serverless functions in Next.js abstract direct database access, enhancing security. The architecture supports client-side rendering for dynamic content.

The application emphasizes modular design, separating concerns for maintainability and scalability. The app does not yet have authentication: Potential for future enhancement to secure access and data.
